Tidy up for majour release (#254)
Financial-Times/x-dash: components/x-topic-search/readme.md

# x-topic-search

> This module provides a topic search bar. It displays topic suggestions which are fetched from the api, passed as a property, based on user input(search term). x-follow-button is displayed with the topic suggested.

Reviewer: Could we link/reference the API it uses?

Reviewer: Also might be worth rewording the last sentence to suggest there are multiple topics:

```suggestion
This module provides a topic search bar. It displays topic suggestions which are fetched from the api, passed as a property, based on user input(search term). `x-follow-button`s are used for each of the suggestions to allow users to follow directly
```

> This module provides a topic search bar. It displays topic suggestions which are fetched from the api, passed as a property, based on user input(search term). x-follow-button is displayed with the topic suggested.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this should be more focussed on the user and less on the technical detail of how it works?

>This module allows a user to search for topics by name, and follow them. If the an already-followed topic is return in the search results, then those topics are indicated as such.

Reviewer: Agree with this actually. Might still be worth mentioning where it gets its suggestions from though.

Author: Thank you, @benbarnett and @dan-searle!
